# SHA1:cd117e91be7d69b5deef1c71bea1efc08a32bb56
#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile-multi
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile-multi
#
-r ../../utils/dataset_manifest/requirements.txt
absl-py==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   keras
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   httpx
    #   openai
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   django
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorflow
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   redis
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   aiohttp
    #   datumaro
    #   jsonschema
azure-core==1.30.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msrest
azure-storage-blob==12.13.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
boto3==1.17.61
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
botocore==1.20.112
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   rq
clickhouse-connect==0.5.10
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   onnxruntime
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   matplotlib
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   coreapi
croniter==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   rq-scheduler
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   pyjwt
cycler==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.6
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   langchain-community
datumaro @ git+https://github.com/cvat-ai/datumaro.git@0817144ade1ddc514e182ca1835e322cb9af00a0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
    #   python3-openid
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   limits
diskcache==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   openai
dj-pagination==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
dj-rest-auth[with_social]==2.2.7
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
django==4.2.13
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   django-allauth
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-auth-ldap
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crum
    #   django-filter
    #   django-health-check
    #   django-rq
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-user-agents
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
django-allauth==0.52.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   dj-rest-auth
django-appconf==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   django-compressor
django-auth-ldap==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
django-compressor==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
django-cors-headers==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
django-health-check==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
django-rq==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
django-sendfile2==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
django-user-agents==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   dj-rest-auth
    #   drf-spectacular
dnspython==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
drf-spectacular==0.27.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
easyprocess==0.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   pyunpack
entrypoint2==1.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   pyunpack
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   anyio
faiss-cpu==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
flatbuffers==24.3.25
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorflow
fonttools==4.51.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
furl==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
gast==0.5.4
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorflow
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   gitpython
gitpython==3.1.30
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
google-api-core==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.29.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==1.42.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   google-api-core
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.63.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   httpcore
h5py==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   datumaro
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   openai
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   coloredlogs
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-resources==6.4.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   limits
inflection==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
isodate==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   msrest
itypes==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   coreapi
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   coreschema
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   drf-spectacular
keras==3.3.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   matplotlib
langchain-community==0.0.38
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
langchain-core==0.1.52
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
langchain-openai==0.1.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
langsmith==0.1.59
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
libclang==18.1.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorflow
limits==3.12.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   python-logstash-async
llvmlite==0.42.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
lxml==5.2.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
lz4==4.3.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect
markdown==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.21.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
    #   pycocotools
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
ml-dtypes==0.3.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   sympy
msrest==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   azure-storage-blob
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   typing-inspect
namex==0.0.8
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   keras
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
nibabel==5.2.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
numba==0.59.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   requests-oauthlib
onnxruntime==1.16.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
openai==1.23.6
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   langchain-openai
opencv-python==4.9.0.80
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorflow
optree==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   keras
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   furl
orjson==3.10.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
    #   langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   langchain-core
    #   limits
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   nibabel
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tensorflow
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
patool==1.12
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
pdf2image==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   onnxruntime
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tensorflow
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
psycopg2-binary==2.9.5
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
pyasn1==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-ldap
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   python-ldap
pycocotools==2.0.7
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   pydantic
pygments==2.7.4
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   django-allauth
pylogbeat==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   python-logstash-async
pynndescent==0.5.12
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   umap-learn
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-ldap==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   django-auth-ldap
python-logstash-async==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
python3-openid==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   django-allauth
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   djangorestframework
    #   pandas
pyunpack==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
rcssmin==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   django-compressor
redis==4.5.4
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   django-rq
    #   rq
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   azure-core
    #   coreapi
    #   datumaro
    #   django-allauth
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   msrest
    #   python-logstash-async
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorflow
    #   tiktoken
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   django-allauth
    #   msrest
rich==13.2.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   keras
rjsmin==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   django-compressor
rq==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   django-rq
    #   rq-scheduler
rq-scheduler==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   ruamel-yaml
rules==3.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   boto3
scikit-learn==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   pynndescent
    #   umap-learn
scipy==1.13.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
    #   umap-learn
shapely==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   astunparse
    #   azure-core
    #   furl
    #   google-pasta
    #   isodate
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
smmap==5.0.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.30
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   langchain-community
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   django
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   onnxruntime
tenacity==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tensorboard==2.16.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   datumaro
tensorflow==2.16.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorflow
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   langchain-openai
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   anyio
    #   asgiref
    #   azure-core
    #   datumaro
    #   limits
    #   openai
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   tensorflow
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   pandas
ua-parser==0.16.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   user-agents
umap-learn==0.5.5
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   botocore
    #   clickhouse-connect
    #   requests
user-agents==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   django-user-agents
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   tensorboard
wheel==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   -r cvat/requirements/base.in
    #   astunparse
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   deprecated
    #   tensorflow
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   aiohttp
zstandard==0.22.0
    # via
    #   -c cvat/requirements/all.txt
    #   clickhouse-connect

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
